---
id: 2512
title: What Are You Thankful For?
date: 2013-11-22T17:04:21+00:00
author: Brian Bennett
layout: post
guid: http://www.brianbennett.org/blog/?p=2512
permalink: /2013/11/thankful/
dsq_thread_id:
  - "1990183178"
categories:
  - All
  - Life
  - Teaching
---
I&#8217;ll admit right at the beginning that this post is a shameless use of all facets of my network. This blog is one of those. So, if you&#8217;re someone who doesn&#8217;t like it when people do that, you can stop reading, I&#8217;m sorry. But, I do ask that you give me a shot.

* * *

Thanksgiving is upon us, and customarily, people are sharing out their quips of thanks for the season. Some go through each day and give one thing they&#8217;re thankful for. 

I think this is something we need to do more often in education. It is very easy in today&#8217;s climate to get beaten down and complain about the things going wrong in our schools. I count myself in that group. There are a lot of posts on this blog in which I extol the adversity in my classroom and building. However, I would like to invite everyone to share something they&#8217;re thankful for in education. There are more wins out there than losses, and I want to make those as public as I can.

If you&#8217;re not familiar with what I do nowadays, I work with TechSmith Education. Part of my job is to host a weekly podcast on the EdReach Network titled _Chalkstar to Rockstar: Revolutionary Ideas in Learning_. I get to share out stories of teachers doing amazing things in their classrooms each week, and I&#8217;ve had the chance to interview some amazing people.

Next week is the Thanksgiving episode. It goes live on Wednesday, Thanksgiving Eve, and I want to share as many stories of thanks in education as I can. To do that, I need your help. Please take 30 seconds to fill out a two question survey, of which only one question is mandatory. I&#8217;ll be sharing all of the responses on the podcast as well as an accompanying blog post. If you could fill out the embedded form below and then pass it along, I&#8217;d be much obliged.



You can also share on Twitter using **#eduthanks**. If you want to pass the survey, you can use <http://bit.ly/eduthanks>.

For me, I&#8217;m thankful for teachers who continue to fight the good fight against overwhelming odds. You all are an inspiration daily (and I&#8217;m not just saying that). Happy Thanksgiving, everyone.